Israeli forces have besieged a
Palestinian home in the town of abis in
occupi East Jerusalem Israeli forces say
the home belongs to a Palestinian who
suspected of being a fighter and he's
refused to surrender let's get more on
this and go to Sarah hyat in occupied
East Jerusalem Sarah so what more can
you tell us then about this raid in
occupied East Jerusalem uh where these
forces have surrounded a house
there yeah that's right well that's come
to an end now it was going on for
several hours they were looking uh for a
person in a place called abis uh at just
east of Jerusalem um and he has been
killed they apparently taken his body
that's what we're hearing uh it was
going on for many hours there was a lot
of gunfire uh and you know there's been
a step up a massive step up on these
raids not just uh here but mostly also
in West the West Bank in occupied West
Bank um Security Forces entered and this
he apparently he didn't want to give
himself
up uh there was a gun battle that ensued
uh and eventually um they killed him and
there were several other injuries it's
not clear how many um the Israeli forces
have had a habit of taking those bodies
with them sometimes and they will often
hold on to them for years without uh
releasing them but this all comes off
the back of that October 7 attack and
the step up in the war in Gaza where
those kind of raids have definitely
increased and it's causing a real
amongst Palestinians because many people
feel that they are also being arrested
uh for the simplest of things and held
uh without any uh legal representation
either and Sarah what more have Israeli
officials been saying about opening up
this Main Road in Gaza to allow people
to move from the north to the
South yeah well we were reporting about
this yesterday where they had only uh
given uh pal Palestinians in the north
and Central parts to move to the South
had' only given them about an hour's
warning bearing in mind a lot of people
don't have access to the internet uh or
even mobile phones because of uh comms
being down in some areas um and then
even people that we know that tried to
leave uh between those that three-hour
window um said it was too dangerous
they'd heard gunfire um and the road
itself uh a lot of it is destroyed now
this is one of the main main roads
actually in that takes you all the way
from the north to the South well uh the
Israeli military says that it's allowing
that window once again today um trying
to warn people to move past uh Wy uh uh
Gaza and to head to the areas like Khan
Yunis um but again whether they'll be
able to do so the Palestinians is
another question um the Israeli uh Army
is saying that actually it was the Hamas
Fighters that started um attacking uh
the Israeli forces and that's what
stopped people from leaving some
eyewitnessed reports from those that are
Palestinians said that they had uh been
actually attacked by the Israeli forces
uh themselves so we'll have to see of
course it's another window hopefully
people will be able to move whether that
will be possible is another question
Sarah thank you